Form  4506-T
Department of the Treasury  
Internal Revenue Service 
Request for Transcript of Tax Return
Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Request may be rejected if the form is incomplete or illegible.
For more information about Form 4506-T, visit www.irs.gov/form4506t.
OMB No. 1545-1872
(April 2025)
Tip: Get faster service: Online at www.irs.gov, Get Your Tax Record (Get Transcript) or by calling 1-800-908-9946 for specialized assistance. We 
have teams available to assist. Note: Taxpayers may register to use Get Transcript to view, print, or download the following transcript types: Tax 
Return Transcript (shows most line items including Adjusted Gross Income (AGI) from your original Form 1040-series tax return as filed, along with 
any forms and schedules), Tax Account Transcript (shows basic data such as return type, marital status, AGI, taxable income and all payment types), 
Record of Account Transcript (combines the tax return and tax account transcripts into one complete transcript), Wage and Income Transcript 
(shows data from information returns we receive such as Forms W-2, 1099, 1098 and Form 5498), and Verification of Non-filing Letter (provides 
proof that the IRS has no record of a filed Form 1040-series tax return for the year you request).
1a  Name shown on tax return. If a joint return, enter the name 
shown first. 
1b  First social security number on tax return, individual taxpayer identification 
number, or employer identification number (see instructions) 
2a  If a joint return, enter spouse’s name shown on tax return. 
2b  Second social security number or individual taxpayer 
identification number if joint tax return 
3    Current name, address (including apt., room, suite, or inmate no.), city, state, and ZIP code (see instructions)
4    Previous address shown on the last return filed if different from line 3 (see instructions)
5    Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions)
Note: Effective July 2019, the IRS will mail tax transcript requests only to your address of record. See What’s New under Future Developments on 
Page 2 for additional information.
6 
Transcript requested. Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only one tax form 
number per request.
a 
Return Transcript, which includes most of the line items of a tax return as filed with the IRS. A tax return transcript does not reflect 
changes made to the account after the return is processed. Tax return transcripts for individuals are available for the Form 1040 series. A 
list of the tax return transcripts that are available for a business can be found at www.irs.gov/businesses/get-a-business-tax-transcript. 
Return transcripts are available for the current year and returns processed during the prior 3 processing years. Most requests will be 
processed within 10 business days 
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
b 
Account Transcript, which contains information on the financial status of the account, such as payments made on the account, penalty 
assessments, and adjustments made by you or the IRS after the return was filed. Return information is limited to items such as tax liability 
and estimated tax payments. Account transcripts are available for most returns. Most requests will be processed within 10 business days
.
c 
Record of Account, which provides the most detailed information as it is a combination of the Return Transcript and the Account 
Transcript. Available for current year and 3 prior tax years. Most requests will be processed within 10 business days 
.
.
.
.
.
.
7 
Verification of Nonfiling, which is proof from the IRS that you did not file a return for the year. Current year requests are only available 
after June 15th. There are no availability restrictions on prior year requests. Most requests will be processed within 10 business days .
.
8 
Form W-2, Form 1099 series, Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series transcript. The IRS can provide a transcript that includes data from 
these information returns. State or local information is not included with the Form W-2 information. The IRS may be able to provide this 
transcript information for up to 10 years. Information for the current year is generally not available until the year after it is filed with the IRS. For 
example, W-2 information for 2016, filed in 2017, will likely not be available from the IRS until 2018. If you need W-2 information for retirement 
purposes, you should contact the Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213. Most requests will be processed within 10 business days .
Caution: If you need a copy of Form W-2 or Form 1099, you should first contact the payer. To get a copy of the Form W-2 or Form 1099 filed 
with your return, you must use Form 4506 and request a copy of your return, which includes all attachments. 
9 
Year or period requested. Enter the end date of the tax year or period requested in mm/dd/yyyy format. This may be a calendar year, fiscal 
year or quarter. Enter each quarter requested for quarterly returns. Example: Enter 12/31/2018 for a calendar year 2018 Form 1040 transcript.
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Signature of taxpayer(s). I declare that I am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 1a or 2a, or a person authorized to obtain the tax 
information requested. If the request applies to a joint return, at least one spouse must sign. If signed by a corporate officer, 1 percent or more 
shareholder, partner, managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, or party other than the taxpayer, I 
certify that I have the authority to execute Form 4506-T on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days of the 
signature date.
Signatory attests that he/she has read the attestation clause and upon so reading declares that he/she 
has the authority to sign the Form 4506-T. See instructions.
Phone number of taxpayer on line 
1a or 2a 
Sign  
Here 
Signature (see instructions) 
Date 
Title (if line 1a above is a corporation, partnership, estate, or trust) 
Spouse’s signature 
Date 
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2. 
Cat. No. 37667N
Form 4506-T (Rev. 4-2025) 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
Form 4506-T (Rev. 4-2025) 
Page  2 
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code unless 
otherwise noted.
Future Developments
For the latest information about Form 4506-T and its 
instructions, go to www.irs.gov/form4506t. Information about 
any recent developments affecting Form 4506-T (such as 
legislation enacted after we released it) will be posted on that 
page.
The filing location for the Form 4506-T has changed. Please 
see Chart for individual transcripts or Chart for all other 
transcripts for the correct mailing location.
What’s New. As part of its ongoing efforts to protect 
taxpayer data, the Internal Revenue Service announced that 
in July 2019, it will stop all third-party mailings of requested 
transcripts. After this date masked Tax Transcripts will only 
be mailed to the taxpayer’s address of record.
If a third-party is unable to accept a Tax Transcript mailed to 
the taxpayer, they may either contract with an existing IVES 
participant or become an IVES participant themselves. For 
additional information about the IVES program, go to 
www.irs.gov and search IVES.
General Instructions 
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines 
have been completed.
Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-T to request tax return 
information. Taxpayers using a tax year beginning in one 
calendar year and ending in the following year (fiscal tax year) 
must file Form 4506-T to request a return transcript.
Note: If you are unsure of which type of transcript you need, 
request the Record of Account, as it provides the most 
detailed information.
Customer File Number. The transcripts provided by the IRS 
have been modified to protect taxpayers' privacy. Transcripts 
only display partial personal information, such as the last four 
digits of the taxpayer's Social Security Number. Full financial 
and tax information, such as wages and taxable income, are 
shown on the transcript.  
An optional Customer File Number field is available to use 
when requesting a transcript. This number will print on the 
transcript. See Line 5 instructions for specific requirements. 
The customer file number is an optional field and not 
required.
Tip. Use Form 4506, Request for Copy of Tax Return, to 
request copies of tax returns.
Automated transcript request. You can quickly request 
transcripts by using our automated self-help service tools. 
Please visit us at IRS.gov and click on “Get a Tax 
Transcript...” under “Tools” or call 1-800-908-9946. 
Where to file. Mail or fax Form 4506-T to the address below 
for the state you lived in, or the state your business was in, 
when that return was filed. There are two address charts: one 
for individual transcripts (Form 1040 series and Form W-2) 
and one for all other transcripts. 
If you are requesting more than one transcript or other 
product and the chart shows two different addresses, send 
your request to the address based on the address of your 
most recent return.
Line 1b. Enter your employer identification number (EIN) if 
your request relates to a business return. Otherwise, enter the 
first social security number (SSN) or your individual taxpayer 
identification number (ITIN) shown on the return. For 
example, if you are requesting Form 1040 that includes 
Schedule C (Form 1040), enter your SSN.
Line 3. Enter your current address. If you use a P.O. box, 
please include it on this line 3. If you are currently 
incarcerated, include your inmate identification number, 
name and address on this line 3.
Line 4. Enter the address shown on the last return filed if 
different from the address entered on line 3.
Note: If the addresses on lines 3 and 4 are different and you 
have not changed your address with the IRS, file Form 8822, 
Change of Address. For a business address, file Form 8822-
B, Change of Address or Responsible Party — Business.  
Line 5. Enter up to 10 numeric characters to create a unique 
customer file number that will appear on the transcript. The 
customer file number should not contain an SSN. 
Completion of this line is not required.
Note. If you use an SSN, name or combination of both, we 
will not input the information and the customer file number 
will reflect a generic entry of “9999999999” on the transcript.
Line 6. Enter only one tax form number per request.
Signature and date. Form 4506-T must be signed and dated 
by the taxpayer listed on line 1a or 2a. The IRS must receive 
Form 4506-T within 120 days of the date signed by the 
taxpayer or it will be rejected. Ensure that all applicable lines 
are completed before signing.
▲
!
CAUTION
You must check the box in the signature area 
to acknowledge you have the authority to sign 
and request the information. The form will not 
be processed and returned to you if the  
box is unchecked.
Individuals. Transcripts of jointly filed tax returns may be 
furnished to either spouse. Only one signature is required. 
Sign Form 4506-T exactly as your name appeared on the 
original return. If you changed your name, also sign your 
current name. 
Corporations. Generally, Form 4506-T can be signed by: 
(1) an officer having legal authority to bind the corporation, (2) 
any person designated by the board of directors or other 
governing body, or (3) any officer or employee on written 
request by any principal officer and attested to by the 
secretary or other officer. A bona fide shareholder of record 
owning 1 percent or more of the outstanding stock of the 
corporation may submit a Form 4506-T but must provide 
documentation to support the requester's right to receive the 
information. 
Partnerships. Generally, Form 4506-T can be signed by 
any person who was a member of the partnership during any 
part of the tax period requested on line 9. 
All others. See section 6103(e) if the taxpayer has died, is 
insolvent, is a dissolved corporation, or if a trustee, guardian, 
executor, receiver, or administrator is acting for the taxpayer. 
Note: If you are Heir at law, Next of kin, or Beneficiary you 
must be able to establish a material interest in the estate or 
trust.
Documentation. For entities other than  individuals, you 
must attach the authorization document. For example, this 
could be the letter from the principal officer authorizing an 
employee of the corporation or the letters testamentary 
authorizing an individual to act for an estate. 
Signature by a representative. A representative can sign 
Form 4506-T for a taxpayer only if the taxpayer has 
specifically delegated this authority to the representative on 
Form 2848, line 5. The representative must attach Form 2848 
showing the delegation to Form 4506-T.
Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We ask 
for the information on this form to establish your right to gain 
access to the requested tax information under the Internal 
Revenue Code. We need this information to properly identify 
the tax information and respond to your request. You are not 
required to request any transcript; if you do request a 
transcript, sections 6103 and 6109 and their regulations 
require you to provide this information, including your SSN or 
EIN. If you do not provide this information, we may not be 
able to process your request. Providing false or fraudulent 
information may subject you to penalties. 
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the 
Department of Justice for civil and criminal litigation, and 
cities, states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. 
commonwealths and possessions for use in administering 
their tax laws. We may also disclose this information to other 
countries under a tax treaty, to federal and state agencies to 
enforce federal nontax criminal laws, or to federal law 
enforcement and intelligence agencies to combat terrorism. 
You are not required to provide the information requested 
on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act 
unless the form displays a valid OMB control number. Books 
or records relating to a form or its instructions must be 
retained as long as their contents may become material in the 
administration of any Internal Revenue law. Generally, tax 
returns and return information are confidential, as required by 
section 6103. 
The time needed to complete and file Form 4506-T will 
vary depending on individual circumstances. The estimated 
average time is: Learning about the law or the form, 10  
min.; Preparing the form, 12 min.; and Copying, 
assembling, and sending the form to the IRS, 20 min. 
If you have comments concerning the  accuracy of these 
time estimates or suggestions for making Form 4506-T 
simpler, we would be happy to hear from you. You can write 
to:
Internal Revenue Service 
Tax Forms and Publications Division 
1111 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526  
Washington, DC 20224
Do not send the form to this address. Instead, see Where 
to file on this page.
Chart for individual transcripts 
(Form 1040 series and Form W-2 
and Form 1099) 
If you filed an  
individual return  and 
lived in: 
Mail or fax to: 
Alabama, Arizona, Arkansas, 
Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, 
Mississippi, New Mexico, 
North Carolina, Oklahoma, 
South Carolina, Tennessee, 
Texas, a foreign country, 
American Samoa, Puerto Rico, 
Guam, the Commonwealth of 
the Northern Mariana Islands, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, or  
A.P.O. or F.P.O. address 
Internal Revenue Service 
RAIVS Team   
Stop 6716 AUSC  
Austin, TX 73301  
855-587-9604
Connecticut, Delaware, District 
of Columbia, Illinois, Indiana, 
Iowa, Kentucky, Maine, 
Maryland, Massachusetts, 
Minnesota, Missouri, New 
Hampshire, New Jersey, New 
York, Pennsylvania, Rhode 
Island, Vermont, Virginia, West 
Virginia, Wisconsin
Internal Revenue Service 
RAIVS Team   
Stop 6705 S-2 
Kansas City, MO 64999 
855-821-0094
Alaska, California, Colorado, 
Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, 
Michigan, Montana, Nebraska, 
Nevada, North Dakota, Ohio, 
Oregon, South Dakota, Utah, 
Washington, Wyoming
Internal Revenue Service 
RAIVS Team 
P.O. Box 9941 
Mail Stop 6734 
Ogden, UT 84409 
855-298-1145
Chart for all other transcripts 
If you lived in   
or your business  was 
in: 
Mail or fax to: 
Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, 
Arkansas, California, 
Colorado, Florida, Hawaii, 
Idaho, Iowa, Kansas, 
Louisiana, Minnesota, 
Mississippi, Missouri, 
Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, 
New Mexico, North Dakota, 
Oklahoma, Oregon, South 
Dakota, Texas, Utah, 
Washington, Wyoming, a 
foreign country, American 
Samoa, Puerto Rico, Guam, 
the Commonwealth of the 
Northern Mariana Islands, 
the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
A.P.O. or F.P.O. address
Internal Revenue Service 
RAIVS Team   
P.O. Box 9941   
Mail Stop 6734   
Ogden, UT 84409 
855-298-1145
Connecticut, Delaware, 
District of Columbia, 
Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, 
Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, 
Massachusetts, Michigan, 
New Hampshire, New 
Jersey, New York, North 
Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, 
Rhode Island, South 
Carolina, Tennessee, 
Vermont, Virginia, West 
Virginia, Wisconsin
Internal Revenue Service 
RAIVS Team 
Stop 6705 S-2 
Kansas City, MO 64999 
855-821-0094
