Attention: 
Copy A of this form is provided for informational purposes only. Copy A appears in red, 
similar to the official IRS form. The official printed version of Copy A of this IRS form is 
scannable, but the online version of it, printed from this website, is not. Do not print and file 
copy A downloaded from this website; a penalty may be imposed for filing with the IRS 
information return forms that can’t be scanned. See part O in the current General 
Instructions for Certain Information Returns, available at IRS.gov/Form1099, for more 
information about penalties.
Please note that Copy B and other copies of this form, which appear in black, may be 
downloaded and printed and used to satisfy the requirement to provide the information to 
the recipient.
If you have 10 or more information returns to file, you may be required to file e-file. Go to 
IRS.gov/InfoReturn for e-file options. 
If you have fewer than 10 information returns to file, we strongly encourage you to e-file. If 
you want to file them on paper, you can place an order for the official IRS information 
returns, which include a scannable Copy A for filing with the IRS and all other applicable 
copies of the form, at  IRS.gov/EmployerForms. We’ll mail you the forms you request and 
their instructions, as well as any publications you may order. 
See Publications  1141,  1167, and  1179 for more information about printing these forms.
     
Form 1098
(Rev. April 2025)
Cat. No. 14402K
Mortgage 
Interest 
Statement
Copy A 
For 
Internal Revenue 
Service Center
Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
OMB No. 1545-1380
For filing 
information, 
Privacy Act, 
and Paperwork 
Reduction Act 
Notice, see the 
General 
Instructions for 
Certain 
Information 
Returns.
www.irs.gov/Form1099
For calendar year     
8181
VOID 
CORRECTED 
RECIPIENT’S/LENDER’S name, street address, city or town, state or 
province, country, ZIP or foreign postal code, and telephone no.
RECIPIENT’S/LENDER’S TIN
PAYER’S/BORROWER’S TIN
PAYER’S/BORROWER’S name 
Street address (including apt. no.) 
City or town, state or province, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code
Account number (see instructions)
1 Mortgage interest received from payer(s)/borrower(s)
$ 
2 Outstanding mortgage 
principal
$ 
3 Mortgage origination date
4 Refund of overpaid 
interest
$ 
5 Mortgage insurance 
premiums
$
6 Points paid on purchase of principal residence
$
7        If address of property securing mortgage is the same       
as PAYER’S/BORROWER’S address, check the box, or enter 
the address or description in box 8.
8 Address or description of property securing mortgage (see 
instructions)
11 Mortgage 
acquisition date
9 Number of properties securing the 
mortgage
10 Other
Form 1098 (Rev. 4-2025)
www.irs.gov/Form1098
Do  Not  Cut  or  Separate  Forms  on  This  Page    —    Do  Not  Cut  or  Separate  Forms  on  This  Page
     
Form 1098
(Rev. April 2025)
Mortgage 
Interest 
Statement
Copy B 
 For Payer/ 
Borrower
Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
The information in boxes 1 
through 9 and 11 is 
important tax information 
and is being furnished to 
the IRS. If you are required 
to file a return, a negligence 
penalty or other sanction 
may be imposed on you if 
the IRS determines 
that an underpayment of 
tax results because you 
overstated a deduction for 
this mortgage interest or for 
these points, reported in 
boxes 1 and 6; or because 
you didn’t report the refund 
of interest (box 4); or 
because you claimed a 
nondeductible item.
OMB No. 1545-1380
For calendar year     
CORRECTED (if checked)
RECIPIENT’S/LENDER’S name, street address, city or town, state or 
province, country, ZIP or foreign postal code, and telephone no.
RECIPIENT’S/LENDER’S TIN
PAYER’S/BORROWER’S TIN
PAYER’S/BORROWER’S name 
Street address (including apt. no.) 
City or town, state or province, country, and ZIP or foreign postal code
Account number (see instructions)
*Caution: The amount shown may 
not be fully deductible by you. 
Limits based on the loan amount 
and the cost and value of the 
secured property may apply. Also, 
you may only deduct interest to the 
extent it was incurred by you, 
actually paid by you, and not 
reimbursed by another person.
1 Mortgage interest received from payer(s)/borrower(s)*
$ 
2 Outstanding mortgage 
principal
$ 
3 Mortgage origination date
4 Refund of overpaid 
interest
$ 
5 Mortgage insurance 
premiums
$
6 Points paid on purchase of principal residence
$
7        If address of property securing mortgage is the same       
as PAYER’S/BORROWER’S address, the box is checked, or 
the address or description is entered in box 8.
8 Address or description of property securing mortgage 
9 Number of properties securing the 
mortgage 
10 Other
11 Mortgage 
acquisition date
Form 1098 (Rev. 4-2025)
(Keep for your records)
www.irs.gov/Form1098
Instructions for Payer/Borrower
A person (including a financial institution, a governmental unit, and a cooperative 
housing corporation) who is engaged in a trade or business and, in the course of 
such trade or business, received from you at least $600 of mortgage interest 
(including certain points) on any one mortgage in the calendar year must furnish 
this statement to you.
If you received this statement as the payer of record on a mortgage on which 
there are other borrowers, furnish each of the other borrowers with information 
about the proper distribution of amounts reported on this form. Each borrower is 
entitled to deduct only the amount each borrower paid and points paid by the 
seller that represent each borrower’s share of the amount allowable as a 
deduction. Each borrower may have to include in income a share of any amount 
reported in box 4.
If your mortgage payments were subsidized by a government agency, you 
may not be able to deduct the amount of the subsidy. See the instructions for 
Schedule A, C, or E (Form 1040) for how to report the mortgage interest. Also, 
for more information, see Pub. 936 and Pub. 535.
Payer’s/Borrower’s taxpayer identification number (TIN). For your protection, 
this form may show only the last four digits of your TIN (SSN, ITIN, ATIN, or EIN). 
However, the issuer has reported your complete TIN to the IRS.
Account number. May show an account or other unique number the lender has 
assigned to distinguish your account.
Box 1. Shows the mortgage interest received by the recipient/lender during the 
year. This amount includes interest on any obligation secured by real property, 
including a mortgage, home equity loan, or line of credit. This amount does not 
include points, government subsidy payments, or seller payments on a 
“buydown” mortgage. Such amounts are deductible by you only in certain 
circumstances. 
▲
!
CAUTION
If you prepaid interest in the calendar year that accrued in full by 
January 15 of the subsequent year, this prepaid interest may be 
included in box 1. However, you cannot deduct the prepaid 
amount in the calendar year paid even though it may be included in 
box 1. 
If you hold a mortgage credit certificate and can claim the mortgage interest 
credit, see Form 8396. If the interest was paid on a mortgage, home equity loan, 
or line of credit secured by a qualified residence, you can only deduct the 
interest paid on acquisition indebtedness, and you may be subject to a 
deduction limitation.
Box 2. Shows the outstanding principal on the mortgage as of January 1 of the 
calendar year. If the mortgage originated in the calendar year, shows the 
mortgage principal as of the date of origination. If the recipient/lender acquired 
the loan in the calendar year, shows the mortgage principal as of the date of 
acquisition.
Box 3. Shows the date of the mortgage origination.
Box 4. Do not deduct this amount. It is a refund (or credit) for overpayment(s) 
of interest you made in a prior year or years. If you itemized deductions in the 
year(s) you paid the interest, you may have to include part or all of the box 4 
amount on the “Other income” line of your calendar year Schedule 1 (Form 
1040). No adjustment to your prior year(s) tax return(s) is necessary. For more 
information, see Pub. 936 and Itemized Deduction Recoveries in Pub. 525.
Box 5. If an amount is reported in this box, it may qualify to be treated as 
deductible mortgage interest. See the calendar year Schedule A (Form 1040) 
instructions and Pub. 936.
Box 6. Not all points are reportable to you. Box 6 shows points you or the seller 
paid this year for the purchase of your principal residence that are required to be 
reported to you. Generally, these points are fully deductible in the year paid, but 
you must subtract seller-paid points from the basis of your residence. Other 
points not reported in box 6 may also be deductible. See Pub. 936 to figure the 
amount you can deduct.
Box 7. If the address of the property securing the mortgage is the same as 
the payer’s/borrower’s, either the box has been checked, or box 8 has been 
completed.
Box 8. Shows the address or description of the property securing the mortgage.
Box 9. If more than one property secures the loan, shows the number of 
properties securing the mortgage. If only one property secures the loan, this box 
may be blank.
Box 10. The interest recipient may use this box to give you other information, 
such as real estate taxes or insurance paid from escrow.
Box 11. If the recipient/lender acquired the mortgage in the calendar year, 
shows the date of acquisition.
Future developments. For the latest information about developments related to 
Form 1098 and its instructions, such as legislation enacted after they were 
published, go to www.irs.gov/Form1098.
Free File Program. Go to www.irs.gov/FreeFile to see if you qualify for no-cost 
online federal tax preparation, e-filing, and direct deposit or payment options.
