Catalog Number 72627P
www.irs.gov
Form 4506-C (Rev. 10-2022)
Form 4506-C 
(October 2022)
Department of the Treasury - Internal Revenue Service
IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return
OMB Number 
1545-1872
Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Request may be rejected if the form is incomplete or illegible.
For more information about Form 4506-C, visit www.irs.gov and search IVES.
1a. Current name
i. First name
ii. Middle initial
iii. Last name/BMF company name
1b. First taxpayer identification number (see instructions)
1c. Previous name shown on the last return filed if different from line 1a
i. First name
ii. Middle initial
iii. Last name
2a. Spouse's current name (if joint return and transcripts are requested for both taxpayers)
i. Spouse’s first name
ii. Middle initial
iii. Spouse’s last name
2b. Spouse's taxpayer identification number (if joint return and transcripts are requested 
for both taxpayers)
2c. Spouse's previous name shown on the last return filed if different from line 2a
i. First name
ii. Middle initial
iii. Last name
3. Current address (including apt., room, or suite no.), city, state, and ZIP code (see instructions)
a. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.)
b. City
c. State
d. ZIP code
4. Previous address shown on the last return filed if different from line 3 (see instructions)
a. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.)
b. City
c. State
d. ZIP code
5a. IVES participant name, ID number, SOR mailbox ID, and address
i. IVES participant name
ii. IVES participant ID number
iii. SOR mailbox ID
iv. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.)
v. City
vi. State
vii. ZIP code
5b. Customer file number (if applicable) (see instructions)
5c. Unique identifier (if applicable) (see instructions)
5d. Client name, telephone number, and address (this field cannot be blank or not applicable (NA))
i. Client name
ii. Telephone number
iii. Street address (including apt., room, or suite no.)
iv. City
v. State
vi. ZIP code
Caution: This tax transcript is being sent to the third party entered on Line 5a and/or 5d. Ensure that lines 5 through 8 are completed before signing. (see instructions)
6. Transcript requested. Enter the tax form number here (1040, 1065, 1120, etc.) and check the appropriate box below. Enter only one tax form number per request for line 6 
transcripts
a. Return Transcript
b. Account Transcript
c. Record of Account
7. Wage and Income transcript (W-2, 1098-E, 1099-G, etc.)
a. Enter a max of three form numbers here; if no entry is made, all forms will be sent.
b. Mark the checkbox for taxpayer(s) requesting the wage and income transcripts. If no box is checked, transcripts will be provided for all listed taxpayers
Line 1a
Line 2a
8. Year or period requested. Enter the ending date of the tax year or period using the mm dd yyyy format (see instructions)
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
/ 
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines have been completed.
Signature of taxpayer(s). I declare that I am either the taxpayer whose name is shown on line 1a or, if applicable, line 2a, or a person authorized to obtain the tax information 
requested. If the request applies to a joint return, at least one spouse must sign; however, if both spouses' names and TINs are listed in lines 1a-1b and 2a-2b, both spouses must 
sign the request. If signed by a corporate officer, 1 percent or more shareholder, partner, managing member, guardian, tax matters partner, executor, receiver, administrator, trustee, 
or party other than the taxpayer, I certify that I have the authority to execute Form 4506-C on behalf of the taxpayer. Note: This form must be received by IRS within 120 days of the 
signature date.
Signatory attests that he/she has read the above attestation clause and upon so reading declares that he/she has the authority to sign the Form 4506-C. See instructions.
Sign 
Here
Signature for Line 1a (see instructions)
Date
Phone number of taxpayer on line 1a or 2a
Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative
Signatory confirms document was electronically signed
Print/Type name
Title (if line 1a above is a corporation, partnership, estate, or trust)
Spouse's signature (required if listed on Line 2a)
Form 4506-C was signed by an Authorized Representative
Signatory confirms document was electronically signed
Date
Print/Type name
For Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice, see page 2.
Catalog Number 72627P
www.irs.gov
Form 4506-C (Rev. 10-2022)
Instructions for Form 4506-C, IVES Request for Transcript of Tax Return
Section references are to the Internal Revenue Code 
unless otherwise noted.
Future Developments
For the latest information about Form 4506-C and its 
instructions, go to www.irs.gov and search IVES. 
Information about any recent developments affecting 
Form 4506-C (such as legislation enacted after we 
released it) will be posted on that page.
What's New. Form 4506-C includes the Client company 
requesting transcripts and increased the number of Wage 
and Income transcripts requests.
General Instructions
Caution: Do not sign this form unless all applicable lines 
have been completed.
Designated Recipient Notification. Section 6103(c) 
limits disclosure and use of return information received 
pursuant to the taxpayer’s consent and holds the recipient 
subject to penalties for any unauthorized access, other 
use, or redisclosure without the taxpayer’s express 
permission or request.
Taxpayer Notification. Section 6103(c) limits disclosure 
and use of return information provided pursuant to your 
consent and holds the recipient subject to penalties, 
brought by private right of action, for any unauthorized 
access, other use, or redisclosure without your express 
permission or request.
Purpose of form. Use Form 4506-C to request tax return 
information through an authorized IVES participant. You 
will designate an IVES participant to receive the 
information on line 5a.
Note: If you are unsure of which type of transcript you 
need, check with the party requesting your tax 
information.
Where to file. The IVES participant will fax Form 4506-C 
with the approved IVES cover sheet to their assigned 
Service Center.
Chart for ordering transcripts 
If your assigned Service 
Center is:
Fax the requests with 
the approved 
coversheet to:
Austin Submission 
Processing Center
Austin IVES Team 
844-249-6238
Kansas City Submission 
Processing Center
Kansas City IVES Team 
844-249-8128
Ogden Submission 
Processing Center
Ogden IVES Team 
844-249-8129
Specific Instructions
Line 1a/2a (if spouse is also requested). For IMF 
Requests: Enter the First, Middle Intial, and Last Name 
in the indicated fields. If all characters will not fit, please 
enter up to 12 for First name and 22 for Last name. For 
BMF Requests: Enter the company name in the Last 
Name field. If all characters will not fit, please enter up 
to 22.
Line 1b/2b (if spouse is also requested). Enter the social 
security number (SSN) or individual taxpayer identification 
number (ITIN) for the individual listed on line 1a including 
the dashes in the correct format, or enter the employer 
identification number (EIN) for the business listed on line 
1a including the dashes in the correct format.
Line 1c/2c (if spouse is also requested). Enter your 
previous name as shown on your last filed tax return if 
different than line 1a.
Line 3. Enter your current address in the indicated 
fields. If you use a P.O. Box, include it and the number 
in the Current Address field.
Line 4. Enter the address shown on the last return filed if 
different from the address entered on line 3.
Note: If the addresses on lines 3 and 4 are different and 
you have not changed your address with the IRS, file 
Form 8822, Change of Address, or Form 8822-B, Change 
of Address or Responsible Party — Business, with Form 
4506-C.
Line 5b. Enter up to 10 numeric characters to create a 
unique customer file number that will appear on the 
transcript. The customer file number cannot contain an 
SSN, ITIN or EIN. Completion of this line is not required.
Line 5c. Enter up to 10 alpha-numeric characters to 
create a unique identifier that will show in the mailbox file 
information. The unique identifier cannot contain an SSN, 
ITIN or EIN. Completion of this line is not required.
Note. If you use an SSN, we will not input the information 
and the customer file number or unique identifier will 
reflect a generic entry of "9999999999".
Line 5d. Enter the Client company name, address, and 
phone number in the indicated fields. A Client company 
receives the requested tax transcripts from the IVES 
participant. If the IVES participant is also the Client 
company, the IVES participant information should be 
entered on Line 5a and 5d. These fields cannot be blank 
or Not Applicable (NA).
Line 6. Enter only one tax form number (1040, 1065, 
1120, etc.)  per request for all line 6 transcripts request 
types.
Line 6a. Return Transcript includes most of the line items 
of a tax return as filed with the IRS. A tax return transcript 
does not reflect changes made to the account after the 
return is processed. Transcripts are only available for the 
following returns: Form 1040 series, Form 1065, Form 
1120, Form 1120-H, Form 1120-L, and Form 1120-S. 
Return transcripts are available for the current year and 
returns processed during the prior 3 processing years.
Line 6b. Account Transcript contains information on the 
financial status of the account, such as payments made 
on the account, penalty assessments, and adjustments 
made by you or the IRS after the return was filed. Return 
information is limited to items such as tax liability and 
estimated tax payments. Account transcripts are available 
for most returns.
Line 6c. Record of Account provides the most detailed 
information as it is a combination of the Return Transcript 
and the Account Transcript. Available for current year and 
3 prior tax years.
Line 7. The IRS can provide a transcript that includes 
data from these information returns: Form W-2, Form 
1099 series, Form 1098 series, or Form 5498 series 
transcript. Enter up to three information return types. If no 
specific type is requested, all forms will be provided. State 
or local information is not included with the Form W-2 
information. The IRS may be able to provide this 
transcript information for up to 10 years. Information for 
the current year is generally not available until the year 
after it is filed with the IRS. For example, Form W-2 
information for 2016, filed in 2017, will likely not be 
available from the IRS until 2018. If you need Form W-2 
information for retirement purposes, you should contact 
the Social Security Administration at 1-800-772-1213.
Line 8. Enter the end date of the tax year or period 
requested in mm dd yyyy format. This may be a calendar 
year, fiscal year or quarter. Enter each quarter requested 
for quarterly returns. Example: Enter 12 31 2018 for a 
calendar year 2018 Form 1040 transcript.
▲
!
CAUTION
You must check the box in the signature 
area to acknowledge you have the authority 
to sign and request the information. The form 
will not be processed if unchecked.
Signature and date. Form 4506-C must be signed and 
dated by the taxpayer listed on line 1a and, if listed, 2a.  
The IRS must receive Form 4506-C within 120 days of 
the date signed by the taxpayer or it will be rejected. 
Ensure that all applicable lines, including lines 5a through 
8, are completed before signing.
Authorized Representative: A representative can sign 
Form 4506-C for a taxpayer if the taxpayer has 
specifically delegated this authority to the representative 
on Form 2848, line 5a, and Form 2848 is attached to the 
Form 4506-C request. If you are Heir at Law, Next of Kin, 
or Beneficiary, you must be able to establish a material 
interest in the estate or trust. If Form 4506-C is signed by 
a representative, the Authorized Representative check 
box must be marked.
Electronic Signature: Only IVES participants that opt in 
to the Electronic Signature usage can accept electronic 
signatures. Contact the IVES participant for approval and 
guidance for electronic signatures. If the Form 4506-C is 
signed electronically, the Electronic Signature check box 
must be marked.
Individuals. Transcripts listed on line 6 may be furnished 
to either spouse if jointly filed. Signatures are required for 
all taxpayers listed on Line 1a and 2a.
Corporations. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by:
(1) an officer having legal authority to bind the 
corporation, (2) any person designated by the board of 
directors or other governing body, or (3) any officer or 
employee on written request by any principal officer and 
attested to by the secretary or other officer. A bona fide 
shareholder of record owning 1 percent or more of the 
outstanding stock of the corporation may submit a Form 
4506-C but must provide documentation to support the 
requester's right to receive the information.
Partnerships. Generally, Form 4506-C can be signed by 
any person who was a member of the partnership during 
any part of the tax period requested on line 8.
All others. See section 6103(e) if the taxpayer has died, 
is insolvent, is a dissolved corporation, or if a trustee, 
guardian, executor, receiver, or administrator is acting for 
the taxpayer.
Documentation. For entities other than individuals, you 
must attach the authorization document. For example, 
this could be the letter from the principal officer 
authorizing an employee of the corporation or the letters 
testamentary authorizing an individual to act for an estate.
Privacy Act and Paperwork Reduction Act Notice. We 
ask for the information on this form to establish your right 
to gain access to the requested tax information under the 
Internal Revenue Code. We need this information to 
properly identify the tax information and respond to your 
request. You are not required to request any transcript; if 
you do request a transcript, sections 6103 and 6109 and 
their regulations require you to provide this information, 
including your SSN or EIN. If you do not provide this 
information, we may not be able to process your request. 
Providing false or fraudulent information may subject you 
to penalties.
Routine uses of this information include giving it to the 
Department of Justice for civil and criminal litigation, and 
cities, states, the District of Columbia, and U.S. 
commonwealths and possessions for use in administering 
their tax laws. We may also disclose this information to 
other countries under a tax treaty, to federal and state 
agencies to enforce federal nontax criminal laws, or to 
federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies to 
combat terrorism.
You are not required to provide the information requested 
on a form that is subject to the Paperwork Reduction Act 
unless the form displays a valid OMB control number. 
Books or records relating to a form or its instructions must 
be retained as long as their contents may become 
material in the administration of any Internal Revenue 
law. Generally, tax returns and return information are 
confidential, as required by section 6103.
The time needed to complete and file Form 4506-C will 
vary depending on individual circumstances. The 
estimated average time is:  
Learning about the law or the form . . . . . . 10 min. 
Preparing the form. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 min. 
Copying, assembling, and sending 
the form to the IRS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 min.
If you have comments concerning the accuracy of these 
time estimates or suggestions for making Form 4506-C 
simpler, we would be happy to hear from you. You can 
write to: 
Internal Revenue Service 
Tax Forms and Publications Division  
1111 Constitution Ave. NW, IR-6526 
Washington, DC 20224
Do not send the form to this address. Instead, see Where 
to file on this page.
